README.md, before:

# Cloud Foundry CLI Database Connection Plugin [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/18F/cf-db-connect.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/18F/cf-db-connect) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/18F/cf-db-connect/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/18F/cf-db-connect)

This plugin makes it easy to connect to your databases in Cloud Foundry from your local machine. This condenses the steps listed in [Accessing Services with SSH](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/devguide/deploy-apps/ssh-services.html) to a single command. Requires Diego architecture with [SSH enabled](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/running/config-ssh.html).

## Support

Currently supports (most) service brokers for the following:

* MySQL
* PostgreSQL

Doesn't run on Windows [yet](https://github.com/18F/cf-db-connect/issues/13).

## Local installation

1. Install the Cloud Foundry CLI v6.15.0 or later.
1. Download the appropriate binary from [the Releases page](https://github.com/18F/cf-db-connect/releases).
1. Install `psql` or `mysql` (depending on which database you need to connect to).

## Usage

* `app_name` is the name of the app in your space you want to tunnel through.
* `service_instance_name` is the service instance you wish to connect to.

```
$ cf target --organization <org> --space <space>
$ cf connect-to-db <app_name> <service_instance_name>
Finding the service instance details...
Setting up SSH tunnel...
...
mysql>
```

Commit message:

install plugin directly, without manual download

README.md, after:

# Cloud Foundry CLI Database Connection Plugin [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/18F/cf-db-connect.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/18F/cf-db-connect) [![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/18F/cf-db-connect/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/18F/cf-db-connect)

This plugin makes it easy to connect to your databases in Cloud Foundry from your local machine. This condenses the steps listed in [Accessing Services with SSH](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/devguide/deploy-apps/ssh-services.html) to a single command. Requires Diego architecture with [SSH enabled](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/running/config-ssh.html).

## Support

Currently supports (most) service brokers for the following:

* MySQL
* PostgreSQL

Doesn't run on Windows [yet](https://github.com/18F/cf-db-connect/issues/13).

## Local installation

1. Install the Cloud Foundry CLI v6.15.0 or later.
1. Install the plugin, using the appropriate binary URL from [the Releases page](https://github.com/18F/cf-db-connect/releases).

    ```sh
    cf install-plugin <binary_url>
    # will be of the format
    # https://github.com/18F/cf-db-connect/releases/download/<version>/cf-db-connect_<os>_<arch>
    ```

1. Install `psql` or `mysql` (depending on which database you need to connect to).

## Usage

* `app_name` is the name of the app in your space you want to tunnel through.
* `service_instance_name` is the service instance you wish to connect to.

```
$ cf target --organization <org> --space <space>
$ cf connect-to-db <app_name> <service_instance_name>
Finding the service instance details...
Setting up SSH tunnel...
...
mysql>
```
